In this program, you'll work alongside Tyler to build a number of React applications.
These are projects that you'll build in class while learning React.
Here at Udacity, we can't stress enough the importance of learning by doing.
So in addition to the in-class projects,
you'll also be given some projects that you'll build on your own.
These projects will prove how much you've learned.
For the first project, you'll build an application called My Reads.
This app will require you to manage state,
build components and leverage React Router.
This project is all about mastering the fundamentals of React.
By fundamentals I mean the stuff you'll be doing
in every single React project you create.
Check out the following sections for a more in-depth look at what you'll be building.